Baked Puffed Flatbread
======================

Makes 8 flatbreads

Ingredients
-----------
- 1 pkg. (2 1/4 tsp.) active dry yeast
- 3/4 cups warm water
- 1 Tbsp. olive oil
- 1 Tbsp. honey
- 1/3 cup plain yogurt
- 3/4 cup whole wheat flour
- 3 to 3.5 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 1/2 tsp. salt
- 2 to 3 Tbsp. sesame seeds

Instructions
------------
1.  Sprinkle yeast over warm water in a small bowl and stir to  dissolve. Let sit
    for about 5 minutes, until bubbly. Whisk in olive oil, honey and yogurt.

2.  In a large bowl, combine whole wheat flour, 3 cups all-purpose flour and
    salt. Using a wooden spoon add the liquid ingredients and mix thoroughly, only
    adding the additional 1/2 cup flour if the dough seems especially sticky.

3.  Turn out onto floured surface and kneed for about 5 minutes.

4.  Lightly coat a medium bowl with oil and place the dough face down, then flip
    so the coated side is on top. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm
    place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.

5.  When dough is ready preheat to 500 degrees. Place pizza stone on bottom rack.

6.  Turn the risen dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 8
    pieces, forming each into balls. Cover with a cloth and let rest for 5 minutes.

7.  With a rolling pin on a floured surface, roll ball into a flat circle about 8
    inches across, flipping once. If the dough shrinks and pulls back, lest rest for
    a minute, then continue to roll . Bush lightly with water and sprinkle with a
    scant teaspoon of sesame seeds. Foll once with the pin to help seeds adhere.

8.  Gently lift the dough round and lay it on the pizza stone.

9.  The dough soon will begin to puff and baffle. Cook for 4 minutes or until
    bread feels puffy with no dough areas.

10. The flatbreads are best served the same day they're made, but will keep
    overnight if well-wrapped in plastic.

### Pizza crust

1. Divide into 2 pieces, instead of 8. Flatten and add toppings.

2. Cook for 8-10 minutes until golden brown.
